release note for 1.3.7 (#1954)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.3.7.md

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.3.7 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.3.7 Release Notes

Release date: August 1, 2022

TiDB Operator version: 1.3.7

## New Features

> - Add the `suspendAction` field to suspend any component, it will delete the `StatefulSet` of the component ([#4640](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4640), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `suspendAction` field to suspend any component. If a component is suspended, the `StatefulSet` of the component will be deleted. ([#4640](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4640), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

Reviewer: 这个新的字段要加文档吗？

Author: 我记得 issue 后面加

## Improvement

> - Recreate the `StatefulSet` of a component after all PVCs scale-up, so that new PVCs use desired storage size ([#4620](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4620), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After all PVCs are scaled up, recreate the `StatefulSet` of a component so that new PVCs use the desired storage size ([#4620](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4620), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

> - To aviod TiKV PVCs scale-up stuck, continue scale-up if a leader eviction is timeout ([#4625](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4625), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To avoid the TiKV PVC scale-up process getting stuck, continue scale-up if a leader eviction times out ([#4625](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4625), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```

## Bug fixes

> - Fix the issue that can not upgrade TiKV when using local storage ([#4615](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4615), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that TiKV cannot be upgraded when using local storage ([#4615](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4615), [@KanShiori](https://github.com/KanShiori))
```
